# Error

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**message** | **str** | The error message, e.g., \&quot;Cannot delete a volume while it is connected to hosts\&quot;. | 
**details** | **dict(str, str)** | Key-value pairs containing details about the error. | 
**pure_code** | **str** | Pure Code describing the error. May be more specific than the HTTP code. The code may be one of the following. INTERNAL - An internal error occurred. NOT_FOUND - A resource was not found. ALREADY_EXISTS - A resource cannot be created because one already exists by this name. INVALID_ARGUMENT - An argument value is incorrect. NOT_AUTHENTICATED - The client is not authenticated. PERMISSION_DENIED - The client is authenticated, but lacks a specific permission required for this action. NOT_IMPLEMENTED - The functionality has not been implemented yet. FAILED_PRECONDITION - A precondition of the action is not fulfilled. For instance, trying to use a resource that is being deleted. CONFLICT - This action came into conflict with another. FAILED_TRANSACTION - An action could not be performed due to conflict with another transaction. CANCELED - The action was canceled. DEADLINE_EXCEEDED - The action could not be completed in the time allotted. UNAVAILABLE - A required service is unavailable. EXHAUSTED - A required resource is not available. For instance, there is no storage space in the Placement Group.  | 
**http_code** | **int** | The HTTP code returned by the request. It will be the same as the header response status code. The code may be one of the following. 400 Bad Request - The request payload is malformed; e.g. incorrection JSON. 401 Unauthorized - The client is not authenticated. 403 Forbidden - The client is authenticated, but lacks a specific permission required for this action. 404 Not Found - A resource was not found. 408 Request Timeout - The action could not be completed in the time allotted. 409 Conflict - This action came into conflict with another. 412 Precondition Failed - A precondition of the action is not fulfilled. For instance, trying to use a resource that is being deleted. 422 Unprocessable Entity - An argument value is incorrect. The request was well-formed but was unable to be followed due to semantic errors; e.g. an incorrect enum value. 429 Too Many Requests - The user has sent too many requests in a given amount of time (\&quot;rate limiting\&quot;). 500 Internal Server Error - An internal error occurred. 501 Not Implemented - The functionality has not been implemented yet. 503 Service Unavailable - A required service is unavailable.  | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

